damn what'd they get this time looks
like a rabbit well that's another meal
lost I still can't believe we went
through all that commissary food in
three months it seemed like so much at
the time of the door yeah
except then I'd probably be food right
now trust me I have no regrets
rabbits hardly a new tactic we're all
hungry
no kidding last night I heard your
friend dog laying in bed just dreaming
types of pie he was driving me nuts I
think he's starting to lose it he's not
the only one won't you cut him some
slack
yeah you're right I wish I knew for sure
how much food we have
not enough
according to Lily you've just about hit
the last of our food reserves
you mean Lily's lottery again Kenny's
gonna be pissed she thinks everyone
should have an equal chance or miss
Muffy do you think Kenny's having any
more luck than we are out here
sure hope so yeah between the lack of
food and Kenny and Lily fighting all the
time things are getting pretty tense
back at the motor and you know Kenny's
been talking about taking off if he can
get that RV running
I think we're stronger as a group I just
don't know what'll happen if we start to
break apart
can't blame him did you hear Larry going
off on him last night
we'll see Oh guys deal anyway it seems
like he's got a problem with you in
particular
knows what Larry's profiteers maybe
that's just the way he is but that guy
needs to chill out and I know Lilly
thinks he's getting weaker but the guy's
own muscle he's a walking pile driver I
know I wouldn't want to be stuck and
didn't punch you in the face one time
flat
shit with that Kenny I don't know come
on
Jesus Christ oh shit no no please don't
kill it
we just want to help our teachers we'll
leave I swear we you guys okay get it
off me Travis maybe they can help these
might be the same guys that raided our
camp we barely got away from that what
Cass why the fuck is there a bear trap
out here what the hell happened mr.
Parker said we should stay off the
street we were trying to be careful but
fucked up gotta go please my dad was
Special Forces I know what I'm doing
just see if you can get him out after
that you can leave us or whatever I
don't care please this isn't our problem
we should go no no please at least just
look at the trap just look at it and
maybe you can tell us how to get it off
hurry please hurry there's no
Morrison still never leave please get me
out of this fuck
get the boys back can't keep those
walkers off of me
no no no try the traffic
first time
he's alive grabbing the let's go
behind you Travis come on come on we
gotta move